>> Kyle Simpson: A while back I was
thinking about this question of why people
say well,
why couldn't you just make them autobound?
And make it so that I don't have
to do this assignment every time?
Couldn't JavaScript just do
this automatically for me?
In fact I think there is a proposal.
I don't know if it's ever gonna happen,
but I think there is a proposal for
a class decorator called @bound,
which would make all your
class methods auto-bound.
So this is at least something that
they're considering doing at some point,
is making it so
that you can opt into this auto-bound.
And you probably can tell from my tone,
at this point,
that I don't think that's a great idea.
But I wanna illustrate why it's such a bad
idea through a code thought experiment.
I sat down and I thought,
how would we make it so
that we could have methods on a prototype,
but
somehow also have auto hardbound
methods that respond to the instances?
And I came to the conclusion,
there's a hack for this.
And here's what it looks like.
What we will do is, and
I'm not expecting you to read this code.
I could zoom in if you were
really interested, but
I'm not expecting you to read this code.
It's just that this particular
utility method takes an existing
method on one of your prototype objects,
and replaces it with a getter.
So in other words, instead of having your
real method on your class prototype,
you're gonna have a getter.
So when you access that property
name through the getter,
it automatically creates
a hard bound method for
you on the fly, and
then saves it into a WeakMap.
So it caches it into a WeakMap and
then sends it out to you
through by way of a getter.
In other words, the getter is acting like
a proxy to automatically vend these hard
bound or
these auto hard bound functions for you.
And so you get the benefit of having
a function on the prototype that can
be inherited.
But every time you access
it as a context dot,
you're gonna get a hard
bound version of it.
This is an illustration of why
this is such a terrible idea.
To have to go to that kinda level of
ugly hackery to get something to work,
it just doesn't fit with the DNA
of JavaScript's functions.
The whole purpose of this aware functions
is so that they can be dynamic.
And trying to force them into
this other mode of working,
which is like classes in other languages,
is why we wind up with
terrible hacky crap like that.
But, people like to do that and
this might actually end up landing
natively, directly in JavaScript.
>> Kyle Simpson: Here's how you use that
by the way, this crazy little utility.
You can use it by simply
calling that bind methods
utility on the prototype of any class.
And it'll automatically go through
all of your class prototype methods,
and replace them with getter versions
that do the auto-bind method.
And to my horror, I tweeted this
out the other day to say hey,
this is a really bad idea and here's why.
And then I got several
responses from people saying
I'm now using this in my projects.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
>> Kyle Simpson: One of the famous quotes,
I don't even know who to attribute it to,
but famous quotes that I love is there's
nothing more permanent
than a temporary hacker.